# book_rec

A short description of the project.

## Project Organization

    ├── .dvc                    <- The data versioning configuration folder
    │
    ├── config                  <- Scripts and config files for initial setup, local development and CI
    │   ├── initial_setup.sh    <- Installs dev environment with pre-commit, creates git repo, tests dvc etc.
    │   ├── dev_conf.sh         <- Development configuration for CI/CD pipelines (e.g. dummy DB credentials)
    │   └── dev_conf_local.sh   <- Development configuration for each developer (e.g. real DB credentials)
    │
    ├── data
    │   ├── interim             <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed           <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw                 <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── deployment              <- A folder with supportive files for the deployment (if requested).
    │
    ├── docs                    <- A folder with docs (autogenerated API) (if requested)
    │
    ├── notebooks               <- Jupyter notebooks.
    │
    ├── reports                 <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
    │   └── figures             <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    │
    ├── tests                   <- Tests at initial setup containing importability test.
    │
    ├── book_rec  <- The source code
    │
    ├── .gitlab-ci.yml          <- CI/CD gitlab specific pipelines.
    │
    ├── .pre-commit-config.yaml <- Configuration of pre-commit hooks.
    │
    ├── environment.yml         <- The file for reproducing the development environment.
    │
    ├── README.md               <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    │
    ├── setup.cfg               <- Config of the setup (pytest, isort, flake8, ...)
    │
    └── setup.py                <- Makes project pip installable (pip install -e .)

## Developer Configuration

Make sure to execute ./config/initial_setup.sh to have everything setup.

Look for #TODO comments to finish configuration of more advanced matters.

### Usefull Commands
```bash
pre-commit run
pre-commit run --all-files
pre-commit run flake8 --files myfile.py
pre-commit run black --files myfile.py
```
